-When and why BDD was defined
 R.-It was originally named in 2003 by Dan North as a response
 to test-driven development (TDD), including acceptance test or 
 customer test driven development practices as found in extreme 
 programming. Everything to encourage collaboration between 
 developers, QA and non-technical or business participants in a 
 software project.
 BDD was defined to:
	1.Avoid deliver somthing unwanted
	2.Develop without thinking about functionality
	3.Avoid unused code
	4.Improve development times

-The most important aspects of BDD
 R.-BDD focuses on:
	Where to start in the process
	What to test and what not to test
	How much to test in one go
	What to call the tests
	How to understand why a test fails

-Why is useful and when could be applied.
 R.- Because it has a language understandable to everyone involved called ubiquitous. 
 Being a common language , BDD can even be used as part of documentation 
 as evidence of acceptance of the project. 
 You can also allow the customer, project manager , analysts, etc, to 
 paricipate with developers in the definition and validation of 
 specifications.

-Which type of teams could implement BDD
 R.-All kind of teams to encourage collaboration between 
 developers, QA and non-technical or business participants in a 
 software project.

-Structure of a feature – Give an example
 R.-The feature is conformed by Name,Size(optional)and priority.
 Example: Name: Account Holder withdraws cash Priority:2

-Structure of a user story – Give an example
 R.-Title (one line describing the story)
	Narrative:
	As a [role]
	I want [feature]
	So that [benefit] 
   Example:
	As an Account Holder
        I want to withdraw cash from an ATM
        So that I can get money when the bank is closed
 
-Structure of a scenario – Give an example
 R.-Given some initial context (the givens)
    When an event occurs
    then ensure some outcomes

    Example:
	Scenario 1: Account has sufficient funds
	Given the account balance is $100
	When the Account Holder requests $20
	Then the ATM should dispense $20

-Differences between BDD and BDT
 R.-In BDT, Tests in the form of plain text features descriptions 
 with scenarios are typically written before anything else and 
 verified by the non-technical stakeholders.
 In other words developers don't participate in BDT because
 is used in the process after development.
